Crash into it
Will be turned over
The remaining power here is too thin
You have to go deep.
How could he have withstood such arrogance?
How did he manage to move forward with such stability?
Humph district tourism
Even if he was lucky enough to cultivate to the second dynasty first
There will be no more miracles
The power here
It's beyond my tolerance now
Not enough.
You have to go to the deepest place to quickly absorb the breakthrough
Dad
mother
Wait for me.
No one can stop me
He actually walked into the jungle at the center of the battlefield
Break through to the first three
It's a miracle.
A living miracle.
What about miracles?
He practices in the center of the battlefield
Every attack will suffer a thousand times more pain
Up to three more attacks
He will live and die